it's been a while
the roads were a little empty
places where we used to gather when
quiet
[Music]
we've gone through a year that tested us
but we're starting to see the promise of
a new day
for more than a hundred years there's
one place
where we all came together to be
entertained
to escape to go someplace new
the movies there's nothing like that
moment when the lights go down
the projector nights
and we believe
tell me you're not thinking what i think
you're thinking there's no bridge
oh hell no
well that was new
after staying apart for so long
you miss the old life do you every day
it's time to come back together
i'm ready if you are
alive my ass is in fuego
we're ready to make you believe again
whoa cause nobody does a comeback
like the movies
it's good to be back
we'll see you soon
[Music]
you